Add react-instantsearch guide (#2695)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/front_end/react_instantsearch.mdx

    </div>
    <p className="hit-categories"><Highlight attribute="categories" hit={hit} /></p>
    <div className="hit-image">
      <img src={hit.picture} alt={hit.name} width="200px" />
      <p className="image-credit">Picture by <a href={hit.picture_author_profile_link}>{hit.picture_author}</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=restaurants_demo&utm_medium=referral">Unsplash</a></p>
    </div>
    <div className="hit-description">
      <Highlight attribute="description" hit={hit} />
    </div>
  </div>
);
```

- `<img>` takes hit.picture as prop to show the picture of each restaurant
- The `<Highlight>` component takes the attribute as the prop. If there are matches of the query in that attribute they'll be highlighted. In the first case, `name`, in the second, `categories`, and in the third case, `description`

## Conclusion

That's it—you have a fully functioning search front end powered by InstantSearch. To go further, you might want to use filters to create a [faceted search](/learn/fine_tuning_results/faceted_search) interface and allow users to refine search results based on restaurant categories.

<Capsule intent="note">

> Prefer some other flavor of JavaScript? Check out all other [Meilisearch front-end integrations](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks#front-end-tools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefer some other flavor of JavaScript? Check out this list of [Meilisearch front-end integrations](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks#front-end-tools).
```
